In the last lecture, we set up our account service and hooked it up on our app and still, our app seems
to be broken.
If I click these buttons, the status has not changed,
so somehow our code is not working.
Actually it's working correctly,
we're just using services wrong here, in this specific case,
we're not using the service in the way we should use it in our app.
What's going wrong?
The Angular dependency injector actually is a hierarchical injector, that means that if we provide a
service in some place of our app, let's say on one component, the Angular framework knows how to create
an instance of that service for this component and important, all its child components
and actually this component and all its child components and the child components of the child components
will receive the same instance of the service.
There are other places where we can provide a service too, the highest possible level
is the app module,
we haven't done this yet but we will see this soon.
If we provide a service there, the app module does have a providers array, the same instance and that's
important,
the same instance of the class, of the service is available in our whole app, in all components, in all
directives, in all other services where we maybe inject the service.
Yes, we can inject services into services,
I'll come back to this. The next level for example would be the app component, there the app component and
all its child components do have the same instance of the service
and this is true for any component,
so even if we have a child of the app component, if we provide it on that child, all the children of this
child will have the same instance and the child itself but not the app component.
The instances don't propagate up,
they only go down that tree of components. The lowest level therefore is a single component with no child
components.
If we provide a service there, this component will have its own instance of this service and well it
doesn't have any child components,
so this instance will only be available for this component and this will actually even overwrite if
we were to provide the same service on a higher level
and that's exactly what we're doing.
So let's take a closer look in the next lecture.